[W-10890447] API Manager - create API wizard UI updates (#452)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/task-configure-proxy.adoc

> //tag::first-steps[]

Reviewer: Adding comments here for the partials

Under Configure your SOAP Proxy (comments apply to the other proxy-related instructions as well)
"your" should be initial capped - global for the proxy partials
minor - remove "will" in step 5.
minor - remove "Optionally," from step 13. The "if" text indicates that this is optional. 
minor - In step 16, remove "you can."

Author: ok, will update

> //tag::first-steps[]

Reviewer: General suggestion for the future:
IMHO, the proxy configuration sections have too many steps, which makes the task look overwhelming and complicated. I think you could put the first 6 steps (which seem to be common to all of them) in a list. In Step 6, you can list the options with links to the appropriate subsection. I can probably find an example of this type of thing in Partner Manager docs if you need one.

. In API Manager, click *Add API* and select *Add new API*.
. Select *Mule Gateway* as your runtime.
. Select *Deploy a proxy application* for *Proxy type*.
//end::first-steps[]
//tag::target-type[]

> . Select your *Target type* from the following options: CloudHub, Hybrid, or Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer: Something to think about for the future - I don't think it's always necessary to list the options (as in line 7), because users will see this in the GUI. Doing this makes make doc maintenance harder because if an option is added or removed, you have to remember to fix the text. Also, it adds words that are unneeded in most instances.

Author: ok, good point

. Select the appropriate parameters for your target type.
+

> The parameter options for your target will differ depending on the target type you select.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter options for your target differ depending on the target type you select.
```

Author: will update

//end::target-type[]
//tag::hybrid[]
. Select *Hybrid* for *Proxy deployment target*, then select the target server.
//end::hybrid[]
//tag::mid-steps[]
. Click *Next*.
. Select an API from the following options:
* Click **Select API from Exchange** if you have an API shared with you through Exchange that you want to manage.
[arabic]
.. Click the API from the list under **Select API**. You can search for a specific API if needed.
.. Update the Asset type, API version, and Asset version if needed.

* Click **Create new API**.
[arabic]
.. Enter a name for the new API asset.
//end::mid-steps[]
//tag::asset-type-options[]
.. Select the **Asset type** from the following options:

> ** **REST API:** Select REST API if you have an RAML or OAS API definition file you want to include for your asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** **REST API:** Select REST API if you have a RAML or OAS API definition file you want to include for your asset.
```

Author: will fix

Reviewer: One more comment on this - you probably should bold  "REST API" per our style (Select *REST API*...). However, that ends up being a lot of bold in the sentence. To avoid this, I suggest "Select this option..." here and wherever else it's applicable.

Author: ah, ok - will fix

+
Upload either a RAML or OAS file for your REST API.
** **HTTP API:** Select HTTP API if you do not have an API definition file you want to include for your asset.
** **SOAP API:** Select SOAP API if you have a WSDL API definition file or an external link to the file.
+
Upload a WSDL file for your SOAP API or add the link to the file.

.. Optionally, you can add an **AssetId** and customize the **Version** or **API Version** details by clicking **Advanced**.
//end::asset-type-options[]
//tag::raml-oas[]
.. Select **REST API** as the **Asset type**.
.. Upload either a RAML or OAS file for your REST API.
+

> NOTE: OpenAPI Specification (OAS) 3.0 is supported, with the exception of the callback feature. To work around this issue, handle the callback outside of the Mule runtime engine domain or use an OAS 3.0 specification that does not use callbacks.

Reviewer: Can you make this active? "API Manager supports..."

Author: k, will do

//end::raml-oas[]
//tag::soap[]
.. Select **SOAP API** as the **Asset type**.
.. Select either *Upload a WSDL* or *Use an external link* as the method.
//end::soap[]
//tag::mid-steps2[]
. Click *Next*.
. Enter your *Implementation URI*.
. Click *Advanced Options*.
. Enter the *Port* number for your API proxy.
. In *Proxy Version*, select *latest*. +
This value ensures that your API proxy uses the latest released proxy version.
//end::mid-steps2[]
//tag::raml-oas-version[]
+

> Versions 2.0.0 and later are the recommended version for OAS or RAML specs, since these versions add native OAS support. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions 2.0.0 and later are the recommended versions for OAS or RAML specs, because these versions add native OAS support. +
```

Author: will update

If you upload an OAS API specification to an API proxy version 1.0 or earlier, your API specification will be translated to RAML.
//end::raml-oas-version[]
//tag::tls[]
. Optionally, if you plan to have xref:building-https-proxy.adoc[HTTPS] communications, specify a TLS Context.
//end::tls[]
//tag::last-steps[]
. Click *Next*.

> . Review your selections. You can edit each section if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Review your selections and edit them if necessary.
```

Author: will update

> . If you are ready to deploy, click **Save & Deploy**, otherwise you can select **Save**, to save the API Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are ready to deploy, click **Save & Deploy**. Otherwise, select **Save**, to save the API instance
```

Author: will update
